Dear [business leader], 

My name is Cliff  and I'm the analytics engineer on the [corporate functions] team. I work with [manager] on the [project].
[Project] is focused on [goal] and currently it is kicking off, so we're exploring the data that will feed the product. Doing this exploration early on
in the project is crucial since the quality of the output heavily depends on the quality of the data that goes into it. The purpose of this 
message is to provide an update on a couple findings on the data quality, what I think we should do to address these issues, and potential next steps.

The data quality exploration investigated the accuracy, completeness, and consistency of the data. To do this, we explored areas such as the proportion of empty values, 
presence of outliers, min-max values, and whether values made sense in general. Here are a couple key findings summarized:

1. Missing Values: 2 of the 3 datasets exhibited large proportions of missing values in several of their columns
2. Incompatible datatypes: some columns have a variety of datatypes, making analysis difficult without addressing these 
3. Imbalanced Dataset: large proportion of userbase is concentrated in one demographic, could affect validity of conclusions

To address these issues, we would need direction in a couple ways. First, getting an idea on what leadership is looking to prioritize in terms 
of the analysis we're looking to generate will direct how we approach problem 1. Would we require more samples to create a richer dataset or 
are we focused on the completeness of each data point? This would influence whether we incorporate data points with missing values into our analysis.

To address problems 2 and 3, getting a clearer idea on our target demogrpahic and an estimate on the number of users over time would be extremely helpful.
This would be useful since knowing our target demographic would allow us to also understand which points of data we need to either disregard or apply computation to supplement.
Lastly, as we move forward and scale our solution, the userbase and data requirements would grow and create potential issues. These issues include: 

1. data management and storage issues - how to store and handle large volumes of incoming data
2. system inefficiencies - will likely need to update data storage architecture as volume of data grows

To address these issues, our team will eventually look into implementing distributed computing, which spreads out computing and storage jobs across
several different resources, ensuring our systems can intake, process, and output data smoothly, even when faced with strenuous loads. 

As a next step for this project, I'm suggesting we set up a meeting with the stakeholders of this project to clarify key details about scope, which will help 
provide the team more direction. Additionally, we hope to get more clarity on the eventual userbase and number of users. If you'd find it beneficial, we can also set up a 
bi-weekly or monthly meeting with you to provide updates on our progress. 

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to reach out. 

Thanks for your time, 
Cliff